I'm Abigail Claflin. So this is our kick off meeting. and I guess we should all get acquainted.
Hi I'm Chiara, I'm the Marketing Expert.
I'm Stephanie and I am the User Interface Designer.
I'm Krista and I'm the Industrial Designer.
So here's our agenda for today. we're gonna do some tool training, project plan and discuss then close. So our aim is to produce a remote control that is original, trendy and user friendly. Right. Functional design, conceptual design and detailed design. So throughout our next couple of meetings we'll we'll be covering these things. so we're gonna try out our white board.
So you want us to draw it and then talk about it? Or just draw it?
I think both. We ought to decide who starts and all that.
Our selling price goal is twenty five Euro. and profit aim is fifty million Euro. and we will hope to sell this internationally.
How many should we sell then? well it's the profit so if a profit for each is twelve fifty, that'll do four million.
Experience with remote control.
I think one thing is that it should be easy to find
I mean you always know where your TV is, so just have a call button,. so you should have a call button on your television to be able to find your remote control.
Or even a maybe a vib a vibrating thing.
What if it had something like just like a magnet on the back of it. I mean just to have some place to put it besides like a base.
But even just a thing to attach it to the you know if you had a thing, a pretty object attached to the wall.
Do you think it needs to be bigger to not lose, or does that not factor in?
I also think though that it shouldn't have too many buttons,. but like, I don't know you, just have like eight thousand buttons and you're like, no, you never use half of them. So.
But what if it had like a little screen, so it has less buttons but it still has all the functions. so you can programme like your favourite channels,
But, would you have the screen on the thing, or would you have it on the telly transmitting the screen.
So I think it should be possible to have some kind of a screen,
I mean, we have to remember our budget is twelve point twelve fifty for to actually make the device.
And the other thing you said that thing about robust and water. maybe something didn doesn't make your hands sweat lot.
Maybe just like a simple thing to have a clip on it, like so you can clip it to your. We should probably start wrapping up,. The Industrial Designer,. is going to be looking more into the working design. User Interface Designer. I guess that maybe the working design has also to do with like the physical feat like just the way it looks and the way it w
So technical function. What is technical functions exactl. What effect should the thing ha should it have,
And the ME, what does that stand for? M. So we'll be working on the user requirements,